#Executive Summary<br>
##Problem Statement<br>
Developers in a organization or company are frequently using external source codes for improving project benefits and time efficiencies,
but there are many potential risks when developers add external codes to their programs. The problem is how to design a system that can help developers avoid risks while still receiving benefits from open source software packages. One of the main issues is external source code has not yet being tested for license and vulnerability by FOSSOLOGY Scanner and NIST Vulnerability Database. The project manager cannot decide whether the external code fits organization policy or not without package license and vulnerability information.<br>

##Solution<br>
The solution for this problem is to have a process that sends out the external package to check the package license and vulnerability information. FOSSOLOGY Scanner can check package license availability for developers and then store the result to the organization license and vulnerability database. NIST Vulnerability Database is a perfect place for checking package vulnerability information, so all of the package vulnerability results can be stored in the organization's license and vulnerability database. The manager can take the package license and vulnerability result and check with the policy database to determine whether the package is usable in the project situation. Also, the manager has the authority to edit and create policies to the policy database, so the organization can better manipulate with external packages.<br>
